hey YouTube what's up I'm just gonna be
giving you some quick tips on how to
catch bigger fish for bass and pickerel
or any other bigger fish that you're
targeting so you can you know weave
through those small blue gills let's
start out in light spinners
now these work very well I like these a
lot
I've had best jump out of the water and
slam these guys
same thing for petrol even pan fish try
to slam these guys I mean you know they
are just really well and it's it works
best when it's in the muddy water
because it has this like the spinner
here that looks almost like a propeller
and it creates a flash in the water
which is why you're better off on a with
muddy waters and stuff like that and you
need a couple different ones the first
and stout one didn't have the feathers
aren't like these do this is supposed to
over the tail and this also creates a
flash through at the water so look like
the scales of a fish so that's that
these are sunfish lures store baits they
come 2/3 of a package they're about 1/4
ounce so they're kind of heavy and they
sometimes will come in poor condition
like I had to superglue this I back on
and the finished torn and I do uh slowly
rip this off and it kind of left that
there but other than that they work very
well I like them a lot these things
repolish you need to get these these
work very well especially in the silver
or gold patterns near weeds if you reel
even very slow in the surface they work
like a charm you're always gonna catch
something trust me and I just wanna
throw and really
that you can use my camera doesn't focus
at all sad darts um this is a very small
one it's about sixteenth of an ounce you
may need to throw split shot on to your
line as well and just jig these not like
you know a lot like to make it go like
that throughout the water just very
slowly just twitch it like that and you
will catch a very small blue heels and
they actually work very well for me so I
mean if you don't have these like storm
beats but yet you know you have these
things use them they won't let you down
um so that's that um and for a rod and
reel combo I like to use old Troy this
specifically is a 4 foot 8 quantum teton
very smooth drag and it's a 3 ball being
real the rod is extremely strong I mean
you know it's quantum and on to that I
have a crawdad lore it works very well
for panfish and bass especially the very
small when this is about an inch and a
quarter so you can catch basically
anything on this um but if you want to
catch more fish instead of bigger fish
use the shad dart with a split shot or
you can use
hold on little size-10 hawks wait body
size tens I think their size yeah the
size tens these believe it or not they
work with warm on this like if you put a
little wax worm on a night crawler or a
garden worm on that they work very well
but you're also gonna need a bobber
ahead of that and what you do is when
the fish takes the bobber down let it
take the worm for about a second because
I mean you're not gonna be throwing a
whole warm on there because then you
know you'd have to let the fish take it
for a long time if you love to take this
the hook for too long it could swallow
the hook and the fish will die so just
to keep that in mind
I'm to use pieces of worm and you also
get more bass out of that I'll fix that
later but yeah I hope that helped you
and thanks for watching